Edits, function additions, and flag exploration (#56)
rossyndicate/poudre_sonde_network: src/qaqc/01-organize_raw_data.Rmd

# This function will be called inside of add_x_flags() functions (ex. add_field_flags())
# This function will be used to simply add flags into the flag column
add_flag <- function(df, condition_arg, description_arg) {
  # adding the flag
  df <- df %>% mutate(flag = case_when(
    {{condition_arg}} ~ if_else(is.na(flag), paste(description_arg), paste(flag, description_arg, sep = ";\n")),
    TRUE ~ flag)) 
  

>   return(df)

Reviewer: as a general note, per {tidyverse} style guide, you only need to use `return()` if it is an 'early return' in a function. 
```suggestion
 df
```

    add_flag(parameter == parameter_name & (mean < sensor_min | mean > sensor_max),
             paste0("outside of ", parameter_name," sensor specification range")) %>%
    # adding lab bound flags
    add_flag(parameter == parameter_name & (mean < m_mean10 | mean > m_mean99),
             paste0("outside of ", parameter_name," seasonal range"))
  
  return(df)
  
}

> # exploring data ----

Reviewer: Note: `all_data_flagged` isn't created until line 439!

# }
```

add large anomaly flag function
```{r}
add_large_anomaly_flag <- function(df) {
  df <- df %>% 

>     mutate(flag_binary = ifelse((is.na(flag) | flag == "24hr anomaly flag"), 0, 1),

Reviewer: Add comments here to clarify what each step is doing, please.
Suggestion: use dplyr::if_else() instead of base-r ifelse().

```suggestion
    # add an indication where there is a flag, except when the flag is the 24h anomaly.
    mutate(flag_binary = if_else((is.na(flag) | flag == "24hr anomaly flag"), 0, 1),
```

>            roll_bin = data.table::frollsum(flag_binary, n = 97, align = 'center', na.rm = F, fill = NA_real_)) %>% 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # create a rolling count of flags over the 12-h prior and 12-h after the current row of data
           roll_bin = frollsum(flag_binary, n = 97, align = 'center', na.rm = F, fill = NA_real_)) %>% 
```
no need to use package name here, no conflicting function names - in an effort to make more literate code, I'd also suggest renaming this to something that helps an outsider know what this column is, for instance 'rolling_flag_count' or the like.

>     add_flag((roll_bin >= (97*0.25)), "24hr anomaly flag")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # add flag for untrusworthy data if the total number of rows of data that have flags is greater than 25% of all rows
    add_flag((roll_bin >= (97*0.25)), "24hr anomaly flag")
```
